todo.md, before:

- replicache local
- sync with partykit / whatever works
- ensure audio can be downloaded and cached
- run crons a few times a day to grab new podcasts that all clients will pull
- [ ] track which ones are subscribed to
- [ ] track which ones are watched
- [ ] add transcripts somehow
- [ ] volume control
- [ ] show buffering state
- [ ] fixed width episode numbers
- [ ] don't reset when the slider is being dragged
- [ ] show current time somewhere in player
- [ ] add last updated at internal field so I don't have to keep re-fetching or making stale feeds and episodes
- [ ] ensure uniform aspect ratio of podcast and episode images
- [ ] figure out how to delay initial renders and effects that kick off requests until replicache is hydrated
- [ ] page titles
- [ ] figure out when to fetch latest feeds and episodes
- [ ] maybe store trending feeds, subscribed feeds, and searched feeds separately?
- [ ] subscribe to ids only in the feed list, and have the feed items themselves subscribe to their feed by id (should cut down in the extreme case on over-subscribing, and can open up e.g. virtualization if needed)
- [ ] ensure that when playing an episode, we update the current episode with the progress correctly
- [ ] fix seeking when not playing
- [ ] figure out why pausing changes the current episode progress
- [ ] use downloaded episodes instead of enclosure URL
- [ ] expire downloads
- [ ] auto-download new episodes in subscribed feed
- [ ] delete downloads after listening
- [ ] offline using service worker
- [ ] switch to offline cached file once we've finished downloading

Commit message:

refactor: majorly refactor the audio player to be more robust and performant

todo.md, after:

- [ ] replicache local instead of reflect
- [ ] sync with partykit / whatever works
- [ ] run crons a few times a day to grab new podcasts that all clients will pull (freshness check)
- [ ] track which ones are subscribed to
- [ ] track which ones are watched
- [ ] add transcripts somehow
- [ ] volume control
- [ ] show buffering state
- [ ] fixed width episode numbers
- [ ] don't reset when the slider is being dragged
- [ ] show current time somewhere in player
- [ ] add last updated at internal field so I don't have to keep re-fetching or making stale feeds and episodes
- [ ] ensure uniform aspect ratio of podcast and episode images
- [ ] figure out how to delay initial renders and effects that kick off requests until replicache is hydrated
- [ ] page titles
- [ ] figure out when to fetch latest feeds and episodes
- [ ] maybe store trending feeds, subscribed feeds, and searched feeds separately?
- [ ] subscribe to ids only in the feed list, and have the feed items themselves subscribe to their feed by id (should cut down in the extreme case on over-subscribing, and can open up e.g. virtualization if needed)
- [ ] ensure that when playing an episode, we update the current episode with the progress correctly
- [ ] fix seeking when not playing
- [ ] figure out why pausing changes the current episode progress
- [ ] use downloaded episodes instead of enclosure URL
- [ ] expire downloads
- [ ] auto-download new episodes in subscribed feed
- [ ] delete downloads after listening
- [ ] offline using service worker
- [ ] switch to offline cached file once we've finished downloading. this will be tricky, since I think the blob URL can change page load to page load, meaning we can't store it. if we mutate the episode to mark it as downloaded, we need to be careful about falling back to the remote URL when the user evicts their cache / storage.
- [ ] add explicit cancellation to download button
